Add documentation for the "command" and "commandfor" attributes, and "command" event. (#30829)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/htmlbuttonelement/commandforelement/index.md

---
title: "HTMLButtonElement: commandForElement property"
short-title: commandForElement
slug: Web/API/HTMLButtonElement/commandForElement
page-type: web-api-instance-property
status:
  - experimental
browser-compat: api.HTMLButtonElement.commandForElement
---

{{APIRef("Invoker Commands API")}}{{SeeCompatTable}}

The **`commandForElement`** property of the {{domxref("HTMLButtonElement")}} interface gets and sets the element to control via a button.

It is the JavaScript equivalent of the [`commandfor`](/en-US/docs/Web/HTML/Element/button#commandfor) HTML attribute.

## Value

> A reference to an element in the DOM.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A reference to an existing {{domxref("HTMLElement")}} that the button controls.
```

General comment is we should be very precise about these types, here and elsewhere. `Element`? `HTMLElement`? `EventTarget`?

Author: It's `Element`. I'll adjust.

## Examples

```js
const popover = document.getElementById("mypopover");
const toggleBtn = document.getElementById("toggleBtn");

toggleBtn.commandForElement = popover;
```

## Specifications

{{Specifications}}

## Browser compatibility

{{Compat}}

## See also

- {{domxref("Invoker Commands API", "Invoker Commands API", "", "nocode")}}

> - {{domxref("HTMLButtonElement.command", "command")}} property
> - {{domxref("CommandEvent", "CommandEvent")}} interface

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- {{domxref("HTMLButtonElement.command")}}
- {{domxref("CommandEvent")}}
```
